                                  LOCKPICK IMPROVES


Plain (non-upgraded) set adds 25% to pick skill, each upgrade (they all same) adds 3% more.


1) Assassin Guildmaster. (Anyone)
Price: 15 gold.
   Description: Two of the lockpicks have shallow notches on them.


2) Master Assassin. (Anyone)
The Master Assassin will improve lockpicks as a reward to the person who kills Malardil and brings the silver key to him.
Just approach the Master Assassin with the key in your inventory, give him key after he asks for it, and remember to stay
cool. Remember that you must be neither invisible nor sneaking while passing doorguards and entering MA. His reward is 
random: he always gives you 3 gold, then sometimes he gives you small pouch of paralyse, sometimes offers you picks upgrade
(give him picks _after_ that).
   Description: A couple lockpicks have a small bump near the tip.

3) Angdil.
Price: an evil artifact weapon (HBM, ElfHewer, Morgul Blade, HFS, Black Many-Tailed Whip) or Morgul Blade's sheath.
   Description: The edges of most picks have been carefully sharpened.

4) Dwarven Locksmith (Dwarf only).
Price: pure Truesilver: a piece of mithril (silvery metal), mithril key (Muranog cabinet) or shining mail piece.
   Description: The lockpicks are extremely well tempered.

5) Kraksh the Orcish Scout Guildmaster (Orc only).
Price: a precious jewel.
   Description: There is a strange lockpick, with a sharp protrusion on one side, in the set.

6) Grey Cloaked Man (BN only).
Price - oak staff from a slain whitie.
   Description: The lockpicks feel oddly light in your hand.

7) Half-elven cut-throat. (Anyone)
To get upgrade, give lockpicks to him and then kill him (or steal) toget picks back.
   Description: Several of the picks have long, smooth grooves along their length.

8) Saruman (Anyone)
Bring Saruman a poweritem, tho rewards are random. Usualy claymore should be fine to get picks.
   Description: A finely shaped lockpick has been engraved with a white hand.
